Update create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md (#5165)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md

##### Call flow for after hours

> By default, an auto attendant's business hours are set to 12am-12pm Sunday through Saturday (24/7), and the call flow options for *after hours* calls are disabled because all hours are considered *business hours*. (All hours that aren't during business hours are considered *after hours*.) When you select the **Setup custom business hours** option, the **Call flow for after hours** page configures the call handling rules used by the auto attendant after hours. The options available are the same, the difference is the ability to set a schedule for different menus and behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, an auto attendant's business hours are set to 12 AM to 12 PM, Sunday through Saturday (24/7), and the call flow options for *after hours* calls are disabled because all hours are considered *business hours*. (All hours that aren't during business hours are considered *after hours*.) When you select the **Setup custom business hours** option, the **Call flow for after hours** page configures the call handling rules used by the auto attendant after hours. The options available are the same, the difference is the ability to set a schedule for different menus and behaviors.
```

Reviewer: Please correct the time range format to "12 AM-12 PM," and insert a comma after "PM".
